well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about leadership and where Americans can
find out right now you got a lot of
governor's looking to the Oval Office
they're not finding the leadership go
figure
leadership isn't Trump's forte it never
was he's not a leader yeah he gets
crowds roaring by telling them what they
want to hear that's not leading that's
pandering leadership is telling a crowd
of people what they don't want to hear
but doing it in a way that motivates
them to get through it that's leadership
we don't have that we didn't elect a
leader we elected an entertainer and
we're stuck with that decision for the
next year those governors who are
looking to him for leadership looking to
the oval office and finding an empty
chair you're supposed to be leaders to
some aren't waiting haven't waited they
moved ahead and they're doing what they
think are in the best interest of their
citizens and a lot of them are
succeeding and then you have some who
are doing what Americans do best
going for that authoritarian measure
we're gonna put the state trooper at the
border stop those people from coming in
it's already everywhere that's not gonna
help aside from that I would suggest
that maybe making sure that all of your
first responders get sick is probably a
bad idea if you're gonna put your state
troopers there and they're gonna
interact with all these people you
believe to be ill then they're going to
interact with the EMTs and the
paramedics at the next rack the next car
accident and then those EMTs and
paramedics are going to interact with
doctors and nurses call me crazy that
just doesn't seem like a wise decision
and then you have I guess there's a
community up in the Northeast talking
about doing door-to-door welfare checks
yeah hard pass
I would really prefer that not to happen
I wouldn't be answering my door if I was
going out of my way and doing what I
should and staying home I would
appreciate you not bringing it to me the
thing about it is that welfare checks
are a good idea they're in the plan a
plan does exist but I think in the plan
it's through something color-coded in
the window I think Green if you don't
need anything yellow if you want them to
stop because you do need something and
red if you want them to stop but you
have somebody who's ill in the home so
they can take precautions I don't know
it's been a while and while we're on
that subject let me go ahead and end
another media fascination right now
there's a whole bunch of the media
saying oh whoa
there was this scenario that was ran in
2017 that was very similar to this we
knew of course I took was a no seven it
was this scenario it's been around for a
long time this isn't a surprise there
are plans on the books the president did
not have to become an expert in managing
situations like this overnight all he
had to do was enact a plan that already
existed but we don't have any leadership
so we can't do it it's either that or
when he gutted the CDC he got so deep he
removed anybody with the institutional
memory to know there is it there even as
a plan
there was CDC and FEMA used to give
courses on it
in the absence of leadership you have to
lead yourself which means you have to
educate and inform yourself and I know
there's a lot of models there's a lot of
information to sift through but hey we
got time right now we have time you have
to educate yourself because you don't
want to be one of those leaders like the
governor who is just now finding out
that asymptomatic people can transmit
who's making a decision without all of
the information you've got to educate
yourself and yeah the models range the
models range greatly thirty thousand 1.1
million DoD's from February was eighty
to 130,000 because they assumed in their
model that it wouldn't be taken
seriously I guess after three years
they've learned what they're dealing
with but models aside what you do know
is how to stop it what you can do to
mitigate it stay home
wash your hands don't touch your face
those essential trips don't space them
out to alleviate cabin fever don't do
that make a list
do it all at once cut down the risk on
those essential workers those people out
there providing the services that we
need and we're calling them essential
because expendable is just too
on-the-nose we don't know enough to be
gambling with people we know we have a
threat and we know we have to deal with
it we know we have no leadership there's
an empty chair in the Oval Office you
the individual at home you have to lead
yourself
most governors have proven themselves
worthless they're looking to DC for
leadership and it's not coming I would
hope that the American people learned
something from this the general
justification for this overreaching
federal government that we have is that
they'll protect us from this but the
first time they're put to their test
they fail miserably what are we paying
for if the government can't help manage
the health of their citizens can't
provide for the general welfare what
good is it you have to be responsible as
an individual you have to take a share
of responsibility for society at large
because our government they're not doing
it anymore if they ever did
most of the people we have in positions
of power aren't leaders though panderers
or they're entertainers you have to be a
leader anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night